Update ERC-6596: Move to Review (#38)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-6596.md

discovery, and connection of distributed assets.

## Motivation

**Preserving context and significance** - Provenance and context are crucial for cultural and historical assets. The CHAT
standard captures and preserves the provenance and history of these assets, as well as the changing contexts that emerge
from new knowledge and information. This context and provenance substantiate the significance and value of cultural and
historical assets.

**Proof-based preservation** - The recent incident of lost artifacts at the British Museum[^1] points to a need in
reassessing our current record keeping mechanisms. While existing systems mostly operate on trust, blockchain technology
offers opportunities to establish permanent and verifiable records in a proof-based environment. Introducing the CHAT
standard on the Ethereum platform enables museums, institutions, and owners of significant collections to create
tamper-proof records on the blockchain. By representing these valuable cultural and historical assets as tokens on the
blockchain, permanent and tamper-proof records can be established whenever amendments are made, ensuring greater
transparency and accountability.

> **Interoperability** - The proposed standard addresses the multitude of existing metadata standards used in the arts and
> cultural sector, including CDWA, CDWA-Lite, CCO, CIDOC CRM, LiDO, ISAD(G), DACS, EAD, CCDO, Getty vocabularies (AAT &
> TGN), Europeana, SPECTRUM, CHIN, RAD, Dublin Core Metadata Standards, and VRA Core 4.0. The vision is to create a
> metadata structure specifically built for preservation on the blockchain that is interoperable with these existing
> standards and compliant with the Open Archives Initiative (OAI) as well as the International Image Interoperability
> Framework protocol (IIIF).

Reviewer: That's a lot of alphabet soup. Generally we prefer expanding abbreviations the first time they are used. In this particular case, I'm not sure how much value there is in listing all these organizations/standards individually. Maybe just a blanket:

```suggestion
**Interoperability** - The proposed standard addresses the multitude of existing metadata standards used in the arts and
cultural sector. The vision is to create a
metadata structure specifically built for preservation on the blockchain that is interoperable with these existing
standards and compliant with the Open Archives Initiative (OAI) as well as the International Image Interoperability
Framework protocol (IIIF).
```

Author: Good point! Co-author updated as per suggestion.

> **Search and Discovery** - Ownership and history of artworks, artifacts, and historical IPs are often distributed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Search and Discovery** - Ownership and history of artworks, artifacts, and historical intellectual properties are often distributed.
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion.

historical assets. As the number and diversity of tokenized assets on the blockchain increase, it becomes essential to
establish a consistent and comprehensive metadata structure that provides context, substantiates value, and enables
connected search and discovery at scale.

## Specification

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "NOT
RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119 and RFC 8174.

This EIP extends [ERC-721](./eip-721.md) and [ERC-1155](./eip-1155.md) with 48 additional properties to capture the
cultural and historical significance of the underlying asset.

Compatible contracts, besides implementing the relevant metadata schemas ("Metadata JSON Schema" for
[ERC-721](./eip-721.md) contracts or "Metadata URI JSON Schema" for [ERC-1155](./eip-1155.md) contracts), must implement
the following metadata interface.

### Cultural and Historical Asset Metadata Extension TypeScript Interface

The following TypeScript interface defines the Metadata JSON Schema compatible tokens must conform to:

> 

Author: We've provided an example to illustrate the metadata in action!

exploiting these fields to perform Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF).

Frontend or client-side systems are recommended to escape all control characters that may be exploited to perform
Cross-Site Scripting (XSS).

Processing systems should manage resource allocation to prevent the systems from being vulnerable to Denial of Service (
DOS) attacks or circumventing security protection through arbitrary code exceptions. Improper processing of variable
data, such as strings, arrays, and JSON objects, may result in a buffer overflow. Therefore, it is crucial to allocate
resources carefully to avoid such vulnerabilities.

The metadata JSON files and the digital resources representing both the token and underlying assets should be stored in
a decentralized storage network to preserve the integrity and to ensure the availability of data for long-term
preservation.

Establishing the authenticity of the claims made in the Metadata JSON file is beyond the scope of this EIP, and is left
to future EIPs to propose an appropriate protocol.

## Copyright

Copyright and related rights waived via [CC0](../LICENSE.md).

> [^1]: Batty, 2023, Artefacts stolen from British Museum ‘may be untraceable’ due to poor records, The Guardian online article retrieved on Fri 25 Aug 2023

Author: Link removed
